# Resources

This directory contains the sample data to be used in our prototypes.

## Contents

- `courses.json`: JSON file containing sample course data. Includes all courses, sections, and classes listed in the [`Course Information`](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15_oJ8q1UvlBLBLKztub_5BtrNufYX5yk-8lavj_PnLw/edit?usp=sharing) Google Doc.
```json
[
  {
    "course_code": "ENGL 1101",
    "sections": [
      {
        "course_code": "ENGL 1101",
        "crn": "25013",
        "professor_name": "Daniel Barnum",
        "classes": [
          {
            "crn": "25013",
            "days": [
              "Monday",
              "Wednesday",
              "Friday"
            ],
            "start_time": "12:40",
            "end_time": "13:30",
            "building_name": "Park Hall"
          },
          ...
       ]
      },
      ...
    ]
  },
  ...
]
```

- `scripts/generate_professors_outline.py`: Python script that generates a JSON file called `professors.json` containing all the professors in `courses.json` with `quality` set to `0` for easy data entry.


- `professors.json`: JSON file containing sample professor data. Includes all professors listed in `courses.json` and their corresponding RateMyProfessor quality ratings. If the professor has no RateMyProfessor rating, their quality is null.
```json
[
  {
    "name": "Daniel Barnum",
    "quality": 5
  },
  ...
]
```

- `scripts/generate_buildings_outline.py`: Python script that generates a JSON file called `buildings.json` containing all the buildings in `courses.json` with `x` and `y` set to `0` for easy data entry.


- `buildings.json`: JSON file containing sample building data. Includes all buildings listed in `courses.json` and their corresponding positions based on the map found in the [`Algorithm Prototyping`](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1J2_vlChwx_oWGYKRrmDkDBzWY6dORn6v/view?usp=drive_link) document.
```json
[
  {
   "name": "Park Hall",
    "x": 3,
    "y": 2
  },
  ...
]
```

- `scripts/generate_distance_matrix.py`: Python script that generates a JSON file called `distance_matrix.json` containing a distance matrix for the buildings in `buildings.json` using the Euclidean distance formula.


- `distance_matrix.json`: JSON file containing a precomputed distance matrix generated by `scripts/generate_distance_matrix.py`. The index of each building in the `buildings` array matches its index in the `distance_matrix` array.
```json
{
  "buildings": [
    "Park Hall",
    ...
  ],
  "distance_matrix": [
    [0, ...],
    ...
  ]
}
```